User-Accounts/user-account-creation.md, before:

# How A User Can Become An Account Owner

## Scope:
To learn how to become an account owner, the linked tutorial will provide the procedural steps to 
creating a Firefox User Account. 
* Tune into my **firefox-account-user-experience** channel https://discord.gg/UFtsMCA to see the step-by-step user guide.

## Audience:
* Users looking to become a Firefox account owner via the creation of said account.

## Tools Used:
- **Discord** - To document the procedural steps.
- **Firefox** - The relevant browser required for this activity.
- **Ubuntu's GNOME Screenshot** - To capture the relevant images for each step.
- **Kolourpaint** -  To mark up / modify screenshots where appropriate.
- **Ubuntu Terminal** - To download the required/accessory applications to complete tasks.

## Future Implementation:
* Providing a   UML or similar diagram to help readers visualize the concepts captured in the written tutorial.
* A separate document that explains the backend (or developer's perspective) of creating a user account.
In other words, an explanation of what happens **behind the scenes** will be provided.

Commit message:

Included UmLet as a tool used to create a user account use case UML diagram.

User-Accounts/user-account-creation.md, after:

# How A User Can Become An Account Owner

## Scope:
To learn how to become an account owner, the linked tutorial will provide the procedural steps to 
creating a Firefox User Account. 
* Tune into my **firefox-account-user-experience** channel https://discord.gg/UFtsMCA to see the step-by-step user guide.

## Audience:
* Users looking to become a Firefox account owner via the creation of said account.

## Tools Used:
- **Discord** - To document the procedural steps.
- **Firefox** - The relevant browser required for this activity.
- **Ubuntu's GNOME Screenshot** - To capture the relevant images for each step.
- **Kolourpaint** -  To mark up / modify screenshots where appropriate.
- **Ubuntu Terminal** - To download the required/accessory applications to complete tasks.
- **UmLet** - To create the Unified Modeling Language (UML) diagram.

## Future Implementation:
* Providing a   UML or similar diagram to help readers visualize the concepts captured in the written tutorial.
* A separate document that explains the backend (or developer's perspective) of creating a user account.
In other words, an explanation of what happens **behind the scenes** will be provided.
