XRP-Ledger-Wallet-Documentation/concepts/what-is-a-wallet.md, before:

# What is a Wallet?

## Background
A **Wallet** is A Critical Component of Developing Software for The **XRP Ledger**.

### There are 3 types of crypto wallets
1. Hardware Wallets
    - Also known as Cold Wallets since they're stored **offline**
    - More Secure 
    - Used for long-term holdings
      - can securely store a large amount of cryptos at a time
      - if this device is misplaced/stolen, the money will be **lost** 
    - Resembles a USB (refer to the picture below)
    - Can be connected to PC and accessed by native desktop apps

      

2. Software Wallets, or Hot Wallets
    - Requires internet connectivity 
      - therefore, this wallet type is **less** secure
    - Convenient
    - Accessible
    - Conventionally used for daily transactions
        - stores a small amount of cryptos at a time
    
    
3. Paper Wallets
    - Printed out on paper
    - considered unreliable

![](/XRP-Ledger-Wallet-Documentation/resources/visuals/ledger-live-demo.png "Ledger Live Demo Snippet")

#### Picture Notes:
- The Software Wallet can be seen on the screen of the phone depicted in the photo.
- The Hardware Wallet is depicted by the **Ledger** placed in the foreground of the photo.
- Because this wallet type is considered to be obsolete, it is **not** depicted in the photo.

### How do Crypto Wallets work?

#### Crypto wallets:
- do **not** store the currency
- acts as a tool to interact with the blockchain 
- generates the necessary [information](#info) required to receive and send money via blockchain 
  transactions
  
#### Information: <a name="info"></a>

- private key
  - should **never** be shared
  - can be used on any wallet for accessing the crypto
  - by knowing this key, one will be able to access the corresponding funds on any device 
- public keys
- based on the keys, an alphanumeric identifier **address** is generated
   - the **address**:
     - specifies the location which coins can be sent to the blockchain
     - can be shared to receive funds
   
- Cryptocurrency coins **never** leave the blockchain, but are just transferred from one address to another.
   






### Resources
- Learn more about Crypto Wallets [here](https://www.blockchain-council.org/blockchain/types-of-crypto-wallets-explained/).
- The picture displayed was taken from a Ledger Live Demo found [here](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live/#getting-started).

Commit message:

Included a depiction of the inside of a wallet.

XRP-Ledger-Wallet-Documentation/concepts/what-is-a-wallet.md, after:

# What is a Wallet?

## Background
A **Wallet** is A Critical Component of Developing Software for The **XRP Ledger**. Please find a visual depiction of a what the **inside** of a wallet looks like:

![](/XRP-Ledger-Wallet-Documentation/resources/visuals/wallet-depiction.png "Wallet Depiction")

### There are 3 types of crypto wallets
1. Hardware Wallets
    - Also known as Cold Wallets since they're stored **offline**
    - More Secure 
    - Used for long-term holdings
      - can securely store a large amount of cryptos at a time
      - if this device is misplaced/stolen, the money will be **lost** 
    - Resembles a USB (refer to the picture below)
    - Can be connected to PC and accessed by native desktop apps

      

2. Software Wallets, or Hot Wallets
    - Requires internet connectivity 
      - therefore, this wallet type is **less** secure
    - Convenient
    - Accessible
    - Conventionally used for daily transactions
        - stores a small amount of cryptos at a time
    
    
3. Paper Wallets
    - Printed out on paper
    - considered unreliable

![](/XRP-Ledger-Wallet-Documentation/resources/visuals/ledger-live-demo.png "Ledger Live Demo Snippet")

#### Picture Notes:
- The Software Wallet can be seen on the screen of the phone depicted in the photo.
- The Hardware Wallet is depicted by the **Ledger** placed in the foreground of the photo.
- Because this wallet type is considered to be obsolete, it is **not** depicted in the photo.

### How do Crypto Wallets work?

#### Crypto wallets:
- do **not** store the currency
- acts as a tool to interact with the blockchain 
- generates the necessary [information](#info) required to receive and send money via blockchain 
  transactions
  
#### Information: <a name="info"></a>

- private key
  - should **never** be shared
  - can be used on any wallet for accessing the crypto
  - by knowing this key, one will be able to access the corresponding funds on any device 
- public keys
- based on the keys, an alphanumeric identifier **address** is generated
   - the **address**:
     - specifies the location which coins can be sent to the blockchain
     - can be shared to receive funds
   
- Cryptocurrency coins **never** leave the blockchain, but are just transferred from one address to another.
   






### Resources
- Learn more about Crypto Wallets [here](https://www.blockchain-council.org/blockchain/types-of-crypto-wallets-explained/).
- The picture displayed was taken from a Ledger Live Demo found [here](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live/#getting-started).
